@English Description

* Java jre installation required to run games
Address: https://www.java.com/en/download/manual.jsp

*Manual
Direction key: Set direction to move
Spacebar (Pressed): Move in the direction you set
Control key: Booster (speed increase and monster hunting possible)
Z key: use skill
-BasicEngine: No Skill
-VantageEngine: Restores health (with delay)
-AdvancedEngine: Health recovery + Trap out condition

* Simple game description
There are three stages, each of which is equipped with an item (engine) at each stage, 
mounted at the car center in the central map, and then passed to the next stage when the witch is found.
There is an oil in the middle of the map, a kit for recovery of physical strength, and an item. 
You just have to eat as much as you want to eat properly.
The car center in the central map does not have any items, but heal the car if it is defeated (Hp recovery).
If you do not satisfy the game over condition or the game clear condition, 
and you turn off the game in the middle, the start screen reappears.
Traps and monsters appear in the middle of the map, and the traps will lose 
their health at the same time as you step on them, and the direction keys will operate in reverse.
Also, if the monster is hit, the blood will be cut at a certain rate.

* Status window description on the left
1) Equipped: Currently installed engine
2) Stored: Currently acquired engine (Mounting X)
3) Speed: The current speed of the car (the smaller the number, the faster)
4) Booster: On when the booster is on, Off when it is off
5) Confused!: Trap caught in state

* Game over condition
1. When oil gauge goes to zero
2. When Hp becomes 0

* Game clear condition
When you meet the witch of the last stage

* End of program
If you do Game over or Game clear, the program will terminate.

* Monster Description
Blue Snail: A cute blue snail crawling in the woods.

Orange mushroom: Cute mushroom living in a mountain. 
		If you find the enemy while you are normally cool, you will quickly come up with a booster.
		Be careful because damage is stronger than you think.

Balrog: A terrible Balrog who plagues players in Hell. Damage is enormous, and sometimes the fireball is blown.
		But if you use a booster, you can ignore the damage of the fireball, so do not be too scared.
